Hey
Hahahaha
Brother Qian
I know you're anxious again.
Don't worry, listen to me finish
The current emperor is by no means a fool
It's just that the case is not closed
Zhang Zhijie died in prison again
Involved behind
A case of tens of millions of taels of silver
In light of my brother's performance in this case
Then His Majesty will have a will to answer
Qin Fang is ashamed
The grass people all refer to Fengtian carrying the emperor's edict, saying
Waiting for the decree of Captain Dao Qin Yuantu
Qin Feng is witty
quick thinking
Exceptional performance in arson
Gu Te ordered Qin Feng to assist with the knife
For Qin Yuantu to thoroughly investigate the case of tax and silver theft
Brother Qin
Cut it off
Cao Min accepts the decree
Mother, I'm so scared
Don't be afraid.
What do you want?
You can go out now.
What? Aren't you taking us to a beheading?
Kill the head
Cases are solved
What case was solved?
Must be Moore
What more
The person who solved the case was your nephew Qin Feng
That's not possible.
It can't be that the case solved by the white-eyed wolf is the big brother.
Really?
Humph bro
Uh-huh.
Second Aunt
Xiao Zhi, I am also your savior
How could you choreograph me like this
I'm not too excited, am I?
Ah, what about fungus?
Why aren't the fungus with you?
I asked him to pick up the second uncle, and he will be back soon.
That's good, that's good.
Big brother is not good
Dad is poisoned
Now in a coma
What? What?